you're you'll be pleased to know this is
the last time I'm hosting these awards
so I don't care anymore
um I'm joking I never did MBC clearly
don't care either fifth time so I mean
Kevin Hart was fired from the Oscars
because of some offensive tweets hello
lucky for me the Hollywood Foreign Press
can barely speak English and they have
no idea what Twitter is so I got offered
this gig by fax so let's go out with a
bang
let's have a laugh at your expense shall
we remember there's just jokes we're all
gonna die soon and there's no sequel so
yeah remember that but you all look
lovely old old up you came here in your
limos I came here in a limo tonight and
the license plate was made by Felicity
Huffman so no just
it said it's her daughter I feel sorry
for okay that must be the most
embarrassing thing that's ever happened
to her and her dad was in wild hogs so
lots of big celebrities here tonight I
mean legends icons yeah at this table
own at Al Pacino Robert De Niro
baby Yoda oh oh that's that's Joe Pesci
sorry I Love You Man don't have me
whacked
um but tonight isn't just about the
people in front of camera in this room
are some of the most important TV and
film executives in the world people from
every background but they all have one
thing in common
they're all terrified of Ronan Farrow
he's coming for you he's coming for you
look talking of all you perverts it was
a big year it was a big year for
pedophile movies surviving r.kelly
leaving Neverland two popes
sadder I don't care I don't care
many talented people of color were
snubbed in major categories
unfortunately there's nothing we can do
about that the Hollywood Foreign Press
are all very very racist
so fifth time so
we were gonna do an in memoriam this
year but when I saw the list of people
that had died it wasn't diverse enough
they just no it was mostly white people
and I thought now not on my watch maybe
next year let's let's see what happens
no one cares about movies anymore no one
goes to cinema no one really what is
network TV
everyone's watching Netflix this show
should just be me coming out going well
done Netflix you win everything good
night but no no we got to drag out for
three hours you could binge watch the
entire first season of afterlife instead
of watching this show that that's a show
about a man who wants to kill himself
because his wife dies of cancer and it's
still more fun than this okay spoiler
alert season two is on the way so in the
end he obviously didn't kill himself
just like Jeffrey Epstein shut up I know
he's your friend but I don't care if you
had to make your own way here in your
own plane didn't ya right
but seriously most films are awful lazy
remakes sequels I've heard a rumor that
there might be a sequel to Sophie's
Choice I mean that had just been Meryl
Streep doing what it's got to be this
one
all the best actors have jumped to
Netflix and HBO you know and the actors
who just do Hollywood movies now do
fantasy adventure nonsense they wear
mast and capes and really tight costumes
their job isn't acting anymore
it's going to the gym twice a day and
taking steroids really oh we got a we
got an award for most rip junkie no no
point we know he'd win that Martin
Scorsese the greatest living director
made the news for his controversial
comments about the Marvel franchise he
said they're not real cinema and they
remind him of theme parks I agree
although I don't know what he's doing
hanging around theme parks he's not big
enough to go on the rides
tiny
right the Irishman was amazing
it was amazing um that was my father
mostly it was great long but amazing
it wasn't the only epic movie once upon
a time in Hollywood nearly three hours
long Leonardo DiCaprio attended the
premiere and by the end his date was too
old for him
even Prince Andrews like come on leo
mate you know you're nearly 50 son the
world got to see James Corden as a fat
it was also in the movie cats but
no one saw that and the reviews are
shocking I saw one that said this is the
worst thing to happen to cats since dogs
right
but Dame Judi Dench defended the film
saying it was the role she was born to
play because she I can't do this next
day because she loves nothing better
than plonking herself down on the carpet
lifting her leg and licking
[Applause]
furball furball
she's old school
it's the last time who cares
Oh Apple roared into the the TV game
with a morning show
a superb drama yeah a superb drama about
the importance of dignity and doing the
right thing made by a company that runs
sweatshops in China so will you say you
woke but the companies you work for I
mean unbelievable Apple Amazon Disney if
Isis started a streaming service you'd
call your agent wouldn't you so if you
do win an award tonight don't use it as
a platform to make a political speech
right you're in no position to lecture
the public about anything you know
nothing about the real world most of you
spent less time in school than Greta
Thumb Berg so if you win right come up
accept Julianne award thank your agent
and your god
it's already three hours long right
let's do the first award the first award
the first award is for Best Actor in a
television series Musical or Comedy to
present the award are a couple of actors
off the telly what can I say
Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon
in a little while we're gonna see a
short clip from the Irishman it's 88
minutes long
welcome back still having a good time as
you know the meal tonight was all
vegetables as are the members of the
Hollywood Foreign Press
please welcome their president Lorenzo
Soria hello we're back knives out has
three nominations tonight yeah see what
can happen if you don't dress people up
as cats it's that easy
hello welcome back and I've got nothing
negative to say about these next two
presenters because the big one could
snap me in half
so please welcome zoe kravitz and Jason
Momoa
[Music]
[Applause]
amazing a lot of controversy about our
next category no female directors were
nominated this year not one I mean that
that's bad I have genuine I've had a
word with a Hollywood Foreign Press and
they've guaranteed that will never
happen again because working with all
the major studios they'd agreed to go
back the way things were a few years ago
when they didn't even hire women
directors and that will solve the
problem you're welcome kill me
we're nearly done she's three it's
already right the last one last one come
on boys our next presenter starred in
Netflix's bird box a movie where people
survive by acting like they don't see a
thing sort of like working for Harvey
Weinstein
you didn't use it
please welcome Sandra Bullock
[Music]
now say tonight thank you please donate
to Australia have a great time get drunk
take your drugs
you
[Music]
[Applause]